Add a note about the behavior of shareable value types declared on subgraphs using fed. 1 and fed. 2 (#2014)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/federation-2/moving-to-federation-2.mdx

> > You can also apply `@shareable` directly to a type definition (such as `Position` above). This is equivalent to applying `@shareable` to _all_ of that type's fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also apply `@shareable` directly to a type definition (such as `Position` above). This is equivalent to applying `@shareable` to _all_ of that type's fields.
```

Reviewer: (Just so we don't have two callouts right next to each other)

> > If one of the subgraphs declaring the shareable value type is still using Fed. 1, the missing @shareable directive will not cause a composition failure. That's because it will be converted under the hood as part of the newer composition algorithms in Fed. 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If any of your subgraphs are still using Federation 1, those subgraphs continue to define their shared value types _without_ applying the `@shareable` directive. The Federation 2 composition algorithm automatically designates all Federation 1 value type definitions as `@shareable` for backward compatibility.
```
